Normal body.
Confirm that the host is alive.
Now release the previous chapter customs clearance rewards
The ownership of the seven-star hotel Tu Cat Van Dinh and the unconditional obedience of a mysterious figure
Cut
The moon is playing me, right?
Your dog's system is playing me too.
Don't go there and give the family something to wash the toilet.
No, come on.
The prize has been delivered on site.
Can not be modified
The damn system.
Who are you scolding?
Son.
The doctor said you're okay.
Still here pretending to be sick with me.
It doesn't make sense.
The moon, they all want to go.
Hurry and send it.
Let's go.
Come on, you re really angry at the family.
But today.
They're actually a little excessive.
Let a little bodyguard out cause trouble.
That's right, it's not just disrespect.
And Mom, I'm talking to you.
This marriage must be annulled.
I want to let my family know.
Our Tang Dynasty cannot be so clear.
What are you talking about?
This Moon is a good child.
It will definitely be your wife.
As long as you are happy.
Our Tang Dynasty is a little subdued, nothing.
Okay, you've been chasing people for years.
Pretend in front of others.
It's still with me.
As long as your two kids are healthy.
That's right, the next day was Moon's birthday.
You have to give me a good performance.
Don't shame our family, Mom.
To Moon, this damned girl.
Are you done?
You're still very satisfied.
Ip Chen is not going.
Moon, I have something to tell you.
Ip Chen, why did you show up here?
Do I have to call the police?
Don't pretend with me here, Moon.
I know you're afraid of getting hurt.
But the Tang in my opinion
Broken paper
Good boy, you were just in there and you almost made me lose face.
Still here flirting with my daughter.
Somebody call this bastard to me.